The goal of this visual argument are to address the gentrification that goes along with rapidly expanding technology hubs, like Silicon Valley and the gentrification of East and West Palo Alto and more recently, Pittsburgh’s Hazelwood neighborhood due to the Pitt Bioforge manufacturing plant that is currently in construction. I want to make an argument that along with technology’s impact that can arguably be a net total positive impact on the world, it also impacts marginalized communities and can increase inequality if we do not collectively advocate for people that are often forgotten. I want to inform the audience of what is happening because a lot of people are not aware of this adverse impact. My target audience is the tech community and stakeholders that fund expansion and make decisions behind where companies build their infrastructure. I view my audience as an informed collective who is open to interpreting this issue with openmindedness and an altruistic outlook. They should understand that civilization’s advances often take advantage of the underprivileged. As for the viewing context, I imagine this would be viewed like a New Yorker cartoon, like in print and on the web. I imagine that would change the resolution of the image, so I think I want to stick with very simple lines. Overall, I am picturing my visual argument to have a quippy, provocative one liner that relies on visual punning and shows what tech centers are being built “on top of” both figuratively and literally.
